c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.exe
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.deps.json
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.pdb
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\AutoMapper.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\BCrypt.Net-Next.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\FluentValidation.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Humanizer.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\MediatR.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\MediatR.Contracts.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.Abstractions.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.Abstractions.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Mono.TextTemplating.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Npgsql.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Npgsql.EntityFrameworkCore.PostgreSQL.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\OneOf.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.AspNetCore.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Enrichers.Environment.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Enrichers.ExceptionData.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Exceptions.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Exceptions.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Expressions.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Extensions.Hosting.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Formatting.Compact.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Settings.Configuration.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Sinks.Console.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Sinks.Debug.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Sinks.File.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.CodeDom.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.Convention.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Application.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Common.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Domain.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.IoC.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.ORM.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.IoC.pdb
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Application.pdb
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Common.pdb
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Domain.pdb
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.ORM.pdb
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.sourcelink.json
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.props
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.props
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.props
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.styles.css
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.De.DEA3C0BD.Up2Date
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.dll
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.pdb
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Guilherme\abi-gth-omnia-developer-evaluation 1 (1) 5 (1) - NET 2025 1\template\backend\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.exe
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.deps.json
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.pdb
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\AutoMapper.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\BCrypt.Net-Next.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\FluentValidation.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Humanizer.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\MediatR.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\MediatR.Contracts.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.Abstractions.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.Abstractions.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Mono.TextTemplating.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Npgsql.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Npgsql.EntityFrameworkCore.PostgreSQL.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\OneOf.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.AspNetCore.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Enrichers.Environment.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Enrichers.ExceptionData.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Exceptions.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Exceptions.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Expressions.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Extensions.Hosting.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Formatting.Compact.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Settings.Configuration.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Sinks.Console.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Sinks.Debug.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Sinks.File.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.CodeDom.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.Convention.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Application.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Common.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Domain.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.IoC.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.ORM.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.IoC.pdb
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Application.pdb
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Common.pdb
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Domain.pdb
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.ORM.pdb
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.sourcelink.json
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.props
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.props
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.props
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.styles.css
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.De.DEA3C0BD.Up2Date
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.dll
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.pdb
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Guilherme\NTT\NTT.DeveloperEvaluation.Api\src\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.WebApi.dll
